# Recurrent-Neural-network
In this assignment, we have built a LSMT model that uses historical S&P stock price (a 180-day sampling window) and the P/E ratio data to predict the S&P stock price in the next four days. Although the exact closing prices predicted from our LSTM model weren’t always close to the actual price, our model did indicate overall trends such as going up or down.

Accurately predicting the stock price is overall a very challenging task. The market data have a high noise to signal ratio and there are a multitude of factors that affect stock prices. However, to build a model that helps investors make money, our benchmark is 50% accuracy; in other words, as long as we build a model that can predict S&P prices to go up or go down at an accuracy rate above 50%. The LSTM model built by us appears to be capable of passing this benchmark. Of course, before we bet thousands of dollars in the high-risk market with the predictions generated by our LSTM, we will need to test it for an extensive period of time and find ways to better improve the model.

One direction of improvement is to add more predictors such as interest rate, ten-year treasury note yield, and gold prices, factors that are known to be correlated with stock prices. Moreover, we will need to experiement with other LSTM architectures. For instance, we may test model performance by increasing or reducing the cell units in the output space of the LSTM hidden layer and the dropout rate in the Dropout layers. Finally, LSTM is just one type pf RNN that is widely used for predicting temporal trends; we may experiment with other types of RNNs to see if they achieve better model performance than the LSTM.
